Multiple key presses - resolved GetKeyboardState

Ball "sticking" to edges - resolved logic error speed was able to decrease in one axis to near 0 
which made it look like the ball would stick to the 
edge.

Ball Leaving screen - Resolved, when ball reached 
edge of screen the direction of movement flipped 
but if the ball did not get back into the play area
that tick then the direction could flip again next 
tick as the ball was still out of screen. fixed by 
checking which way the ball was going before 
flipping or not.

ball looked horrible when I could see it go left
then down so I hide the ball before moving it then 
show it after movement is done each tick. This 
looks much better.

Ball was going through paddles. Used the 
TimerBall.Stop to see if the ball was triggering 
the if statement and intersecting. Bug was the same 
as the Leaving screen one earlier, the if statement 
now checks which way the ball is going before 
flipping.

paddles can go off the edge of the screen still?? - 
resolved. missed a set of parenthesis

made the ready prompt only appear when the ball is 
going to go toward the player next turn. as the AI 
is always ready and doesnt need the prompt.

Wish to implement a single player save state. so
that the game can be left then returned to later
from the last level that the player was playing.